README.md, before:

# leetcode
+ Solutions for leetcode questions
+ Daily upload 

## DS type-
-----------
+ [Array](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#array)
+ [String](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#string)
+ [Linked List](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#linked-list)
+ [Stack](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#stack)
+ [Queue](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#queue)

### Array
---------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algorithm
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/1_Two_Sum.c) | O(n)<sup>2</sup> | Easy |
53  |[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/53_Maximum_Subarray.c) | O(n) | Easy| Kadane's Algorithm
88 |[Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/88_Merge_Sorted_Array.c) | O(n) | Easy |
217 | [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/1_Two_Sum.c) | O(n)<sup>2</sup> | Easy |
350 | [Intersection of Two Arrays II](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/350_Intersection_of_Two_Arrays_II.c) | O(n)<sup>2</sup> | Easy

### String
-----------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc 



### Linked List
---------------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc 




### Stack
-----------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc 


### Queue
---------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc

Commit message:

editing readme for best time to buy and sell stock

README.md, after:

# leetcode
+ Solutions for leetcode questions
+ Daily upload 

## DS type-
-----------
+ [Array](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#array)
+ [String](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#string)
+ [Linked List](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#linked-list)
+ [Stack](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#stack)
+ [Queue](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode#queue)

### Array
---------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algorithm
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/1_Two_Sum.c) | O(n)<sup>2</sup> | Easy |
53  |[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/53_Maximum_Subarray.c) | O(n) | Easy| Kadane's Algorithm
88 |[Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/88_Merge_Sorted_Array.c) | O(n) | Easy |
121 | [Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/121_Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock.c) | O(n) | Easy | Kadane's Algorithm
217 | [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/1_Two_Sum.c) | O(n)<sup>2</sup> | Easy |
350 | [Intersection of Two Arrays II](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii/) | [C](https://github.com/biswabismay/leetcode/blob/main/C/350_Intersection_of_Two_Arrays_II.c) | O(n)<sup>2</sup> | Easy

### String
-----------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc 



### Linked List
---------------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc 




### Stack
-----------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc 


### Queue
---------
Ques no. | Name | Code | Time | Difficulty | Algo
---------|------|------|------|------------|-----
asdcada  |acadsf|afxdfe|vss   | sdcdccccccc|scsc
